src/OFX.SDK/README.md, before:

# OFX SDK
OFX SDK is a .NET 8.0/9.0 implementation of OFX (Open Financial Exchange) file management, such as read, write, parse, import and export to another serializable formats.

# Objective
The goal of the OFX SDK is to create a level of abstraction to deal with OFX files, offering structured tools to hide some of the complexity needed by the defined standard.


## What is OFX - Open Financial Exchange?

From [OFX.net](https://www.ofx.net/):

> Open Financial Exchange is an open standard for client-server systems and cloud based APIs for exchanging financial data, and performing financial transactions between financial institutions, and financial applications. Further, the API allows the exchange to be facilitated either directly or via an intermediary such as data aggregation service providers.
> 
> OFX has been the dominant direct API for banks to provide data to financial applications since 1997. It is actively deployed at over 7,000 financial institutions, and the remaining institutions have easy access to certified OFX servers via all major technology providers and systems integrators. More information can be found at: http://ofx.org.

OFX SDK implements the requests and responses defined in the open standard specifications, so the main focus of this context is the file handling and parsing the results of the received <code>.ofx</code> files from the financial institutions, as well the transformation from the source format to Xml and Json. Custom output formats are possible to extend and implement through available interfaces and abstractions.

The following list shows the supported specification versions and its current implementation state:

| Specification | Availability | Stage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![ver102](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.2-sucess) | ![state102](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-supported-sucess) | ![impl102](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-in%20progress-sucess) |
| ![ver103](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.3-inactive) | ![state103](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl103](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver16](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.6-inactive) | ![state16](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl16](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver203](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.0.3-inactive) | ![state203](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl203](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver211](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.1.1-inactive) | ![state211](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl211](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver22](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.2-inactive) | ![state22](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl22](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver221](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.2.1-inactive) | ![state221](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl221](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver23](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.3-inactive) | ![state23](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl23](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |

# Version History

- 1.0.0-Alpha-1
  - Add support to .NET 9.0

Commit message:

docs: Update package version history

src/OFX.SDK/README.md, after:

# OFX SDK
OFX SDK is a .NET 8.0/9.0 implementation of OFX (Open Financial Exchange) file management, such as read, write, parse, import and export to another serializable formats.

# Objective
The goal of the OFX SDK is to create a level of abstraction to deal with OFX files, offering structured tools to hide some of the complexity needed by the defined standard.


## What is OFX - Open Financial Exchange?

From [OFX.net](https://www.ofx.net/):

> Open Financial Exchange is an open standard for client-server systems and cloud based APIs for exchanging financial data, and performing financial transactions between financial institutions, and financial applications. Further, the API allows the exchange to be facilitated either directly or via an intermediary such as data aggregation service providers.
> 
> OFX has been the dominant direct API for banks to provide data to financial applications since 1997. It is actively deployed at over 7,000 financial institutions, and the remaining institutions have easy access to certified OFX servers via all major technology providers and systems integrators. More information can be found at: http://ofx.org.

OFX SDK implements the requests and responses defined in the open standard specifications, so the main focus of this context is the file handling and parsing the results of the received <code>.ofx</code> files from the financial institutions, as well the transformation from the source format to Xml and Json. Custom output formats are possible to extend and implement through available interfaces and abstractions.

The following list shows the supported specification versions and its current implementation state:

| Specification | Availability | Stage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![ver102](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.2-sucess) | ![state102](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-supported-sucess) | ![impl102](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-in%20progress-sucess) |
| ![ver103](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.3-inactive) | ![state103](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl103](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver16](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.6-inactive) | ![state16](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl16](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver203](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.0.3-inactive) | ![state203](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl203](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver211](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.1.1-inactive) | ![state211](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl211](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver22](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.2-inactive) | ![state22](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl22](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver221](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.2.1-inactive) | ![state221](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl221](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |
| ![ver23](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.3-inactive) | ![state23](https://img.shields.io/badge/state-not%20yet%20supported-inactive) | ![impl23](https://img.shields.io/badge/development-not%20yet%20implemented-inactive) |

# Version History

## 1.0.0-Alpha-1
- Add support to .NET 9.0
- Removed old project structure
- Created Parser to read and convert SGML to XML
- Generate classes from OFX 2.3 XSD specification file (optimized for .NET)
- Refactored OFX Header abstractions and primitives
- Removed OFX prefix from all classes

## 1.0.0-Alpha-2
- Fix package license and description
- Add unit tests for OFX headers
- Add unit tests for OFX SGML parser
- Refactor OFX Header abstractions and primitives
